## 整体认识
单词 = 前缀+词根+后缀
词根：核心、灵魂
前缀：方向、情感
后缀：词性（名词、动词）

### re-
#### 向后
**review 回顾**
You should review what you **learned** last class.

**remain 保持**
10 years **have** passed. The town remains the same.

**recall 回忆；记起**
I am so sorry. I can't recall your name.

**reflect 反射；反映**
White can reflect heat.
The drop in consumer spending reflects concern about the economy.

**relief 宽慰；解脱**
He laughed in relief.

**relaxed 放松的**
Please be relaxed. **Your** daughter will be OK.

**regret 后悔**
I regret leaving school so young.

**receive 收到**
I received the package this morning.

**reply 回复（电话，短信，邮件等）**
My friend replied that he was not at home.

**respond 回复**
He responded that he didn't want to see anyone.

**refuse 拒绝**
The girl refused to be his girlfriend.

**report 报道**
According to recent news **reports**, they are under 18.

**return 回来；归还**
When can you return my books?
I didn't return home last weekend.

#### 再次
repeat 重复
Sorry, I didn't follow you. Can you repeat that?

request 请求（地位低向地位高）
They have made an urgent request for international aid.

require 要求
The rules also require employers to provide safety training.

reusable 可重复使用
Plastic bags are reusable.

recycle 回收
The company recycles beer bottles.

resolution 决心
Carol made a resolution to work harder at school.

remind 想起
The picture reminds me of the days in middle school.

repair 维修
My father is good at repairing furniture.

research 研究
It's a good idea to do some research before you buy a house.

### dis- 否定
discover 发现
The body was discovered in a field.

disagree 不同意
My parents disagree the marriage.

disappointed 失望
I am disappointed with the grade.

disbelief 不相信
I disbelief the God.

disappear 消失
My keys have disappear again.

dislike 不喜欢
Why do you dislike her so much?

### ex- 向外
express 表达
Bill's not afraid to express his opinions.

exchange 交互
We exchange gitfs at Christmas.

except 除了
Everyone passed the exam except him.

explanation 解释
Stop explaining.I don't believe your explanation any more.



