dragon 龙
Dragon Boat Festival 端午节
The Dragon Boat Festival can be dated back to the Zhou Dynasty.

dream 梦想
What's your dream?
I dream of being a movie star.

drum 鼓
I love playing the drums.

dumpling 饺子
Chinese people often eat dumplings when celebrating Chinese New Year.

early 早的
The early bird catches the worm.

enjoy 享受
I really enjoy my life now.

Europe 欧洲
European 欧洲的
Europe is divided into Eastern Europe and Western Europe.
The European economy is getting worse.

exercise 锻炼
Regular exercise is very good for our bodies.

feed 喂养
I like feeding the pigeons. It is so much fun.

fight 打架
The two men are fighting over a girl.

flag 旗帜
The flags are flying.
We salute the national flag.

follow 跟随
The lovely chicks are following their mother.

forest 森林
Thousands of animals live in the forest.

forget 忘记
I am sorry. I forgot your name.

front 前面
A car is in front of the house.

gift 礼物
present 礼物
I bought a birthday gift for my sister.

giraffe 长颈鹿
A giraffe's neck is very long.

guide 导游
I dream of being a tour guide.

guitar 吉他
My cousin plays the guitar so well.

hall 大厅
hallway 走廊
They are having a meeting in the hall.
Your son is running in the hallway.

high 高
The mountain is very high.

hospital 医院
My aunt works in the hospital.

host 主人
The host served us delicious food.

hotel 旅馆
I dream of staying in a five-star hotel one day.

ivory 象牙
The ivory trade is illegal in China.

jeans 牛仔裤
I don't like wearing jeans because they are too tight.

join 加入
Can I join you for a game?

juice 果汁
Which juice do you prefer, orange juice or tomato juice?

jump 跳跃
I'll take a photo of you when you jump.

kilometer 千米
The road is 1 kilometer long.

kitchen 厨房
My mum is making a meal in the kitchen.

kite 风筝
People often fly kites in spring.

koala 考拉
The koala is a symbol of Australia.