uniform 制服
Most primary school students go to school in uniform.

village 村庄
villager 村民
There are 800 villagers in the village.

violin 小提琴
Few people can play the violin.

a few（少量）
I have a few friends in this city.

few（几乎没有）
He has few friends, so he often feels lonely.

warm 温暖
I like the warm weather in spring the most.

weather 天气
What's the weather like today?
How's the weather today?

wear 穿
What should I wear tomorrow?

wind 风
windy 刮风的
It's too windy today.

wish 希望（实现难度大）
hope 希望
I wish I could go to Tsinghua University.
I hope so.

yet 还(不是放句尾大概率是'但是'的意思)
I haven't had dinner yet.

zoo 动物园
There are 50 kinds of animals in the zoo.

right now 立刻
right away 立刻
You should go to bed right now.

create 创造
increase 增长
decrease 降低
Most westerners believe that God created the world.
The population continues to increase.
The number of students in this school is decreasing every year.

hunt 捕猎
In ancient times, people hunted for a living.

haunt 萦绕
She is haunted by the fear that her husband has an affair.

stuff 东西
staff 员工
I like my stuff.
This entire staff has done an outstanding job this year.

silence 沉默
silent 沉默的
The crowd kept silent when the president appeared.
There was a brief silence before anyone answered.

chance 机会
choice 选择
choose 选择
He seized the last chance.
He has to make some important choices.
Choose your favorite way to learn English.

cartoon 卡通片
I like watching cartoons very much.

vacation 假期
I hope to go to the seaside during the summer vacation.

bookcase 书架
He took a book from the bookcase.

notebook 笔记本
note 笔记
You can take notes in a notebook.

strawberry 草莓
straw 干草
berry 浆果
Most girls like eating strawberries.

pancake 烙饼
pan 平底锅
Pans can be used to make pancakes.

subway 地铁
The subway is very crowded in Guangzhou.

supermarket 超市
market 市场
She went to the supermarket with her mother.