set/sid
situate 坐落在
The house is situated on a hill.
I explained the situation to everyone.
locate
location
president 总统
resident 居民
SL
sleep 睡觉
slip 滑倒
He slipped on the ice when walking.
slippery 容易滑倒的
slipper 拖鞋
slide 滑
Jessica slid across the ice.
The children are playing on the slide.
slide 幻灯片
slope 斜坡
slice 切
Slice the oranges into pieces.
sliced noodles 刀削面
slim 苗条的
SOCI
society 社会
social 社交的
know that we have entered the society, we will participate in many social activities.
associate 交往
associate producer 联合制作人
association 社团
We associate with all sorts of people.
socialism 社会主义
socialist 社会主义的
They declared for socialism.
China is a socialist country.
capital 资本
capitalism 资本主义
capitalist 资本主义者
spect
expect 期望
He is expected to do.
The pregnant young woman expects to give birth to a son.
expectation
inspect 检查
The customs officer inspected my passport suspiciously.
suspect 怀疑
The suspect for the robbery.
aspect 方面
This is only one aspect of the problem.
SPIRT
spirit 精神
spiritual 精神的
inspire 鼓舞
We need someone who can inspire the team.
Newton was inspired by the fallen apple.
inspiration 灵感
desperate 绝望的
I was desperate for a cigarette.
perspire 出汗
Willy was perspiring heavily.
aspire 渴望
Rose aspires to go to college.
aspiring 有志向的
aspiration 渴望
He has never had any aspiration to earn a lot of money.
expire 过期
When does your driving license expire?
expiration
conspire 密谋
They conspired to overthrow the government.
conspiracy 密谋
SPR
spread 传播
Bad news spreads fast.
spring 春天
spray 喷洒
She sprayed herself with perfume.
She waters the flowers with a sprayer every morning.
sprout 发芽
Trees were starting to sprout.
STRICT
strict 严格的
district 区域
restrict 限制
In the future, we will restrict class sizes to twenty students.
restriction 限制
Restrictions on trade were lifted.
struct
structure 结构
construct 建造
construction
destruct 破坏
destructive 破坏性的
destruction 破坏
instruct 指导
Greater effort is needed to instruct children in road safety.
instructor
instruction
instrument 乐器
electronic instruments
assume 假设
It seems reasonable to assume that the book was written around 70 AD.
assumption 假设
AD 公元
BC 公元前
consume 消耗
A smaller vehicle will consume less fuel.
consumer
consumption
resume 重启
She hopes to resume work after the baby is born.
resume 简历
summary 总结
The group produces a monthly summary of their research.
summarize
ten
maintain 保持
Food is necessary to maintain life.
maintenance 保养
attain 获得
attainable 能够获得的
attain her ideal weight
ideal 理想的
idol 偶像
obtain 获得
Further information can be obtained from head office.
contain 包含
Many foods contain chemical additives.
container 容器
cargo container 货运集装箱
entertain 娱乐
She entertained the children with stories, songs and drama.
entertainment
content 内容
The contents of the letter.
content 满意的
Andy was content with the result.