language 语言
What language do you speak?
I speak Chinese.

lazy 懒的
laziness 懒惰
My dad is lazy.
His laziness is a big problem.

lovely 可爱的
The little girl is so lovely.

luck 运气
lucky 幸运的
luckily 幸运地
Good luck.
I am a lucky girl.
She passed the driving test luckily.

meat 肉
vegetable 蔬菜
To lose weight, I decided to give up eating meat and have vegetables instead.

medium 中等
My father is of medium height.

message 信息
When I get up every morning, there are so many messages to read.

miss 错过；想念
5 years ago, I missed you. Now I miss you so much.

mouse 老鼠
mice 老鼠（复数）
Most people don't like mice.

mountain 高山
There are so many mountains in Shanxi Province.

museum 博物馆
The museum has a large collection of photographs.

music 音乐
musician 音乐家
My sister-in-law is a musician and the music she plays is so nice.

nature 自然
natural 自然的
The student should develop some skills to live in nature. / in the natural world.

noise 噪音
noisy 吵闹的
There is so much noise outside. It's too noisy.

noodle 面条
rice 米饭
People from the northern part of China like to have noodles.

onion 洋葱
Fry the onion with meat.

order 点菜
Excuse me. Can I take your order now?
Can I order now?

pay 支付
payment 支付（名词）
I'll pay the bill.
He made a down payment on a new car.

pick 挑选；摘
pick up 捡起来
Please pick a card.
The little girl is picking up shells.

pet 宠物
I raised two pets, a dog and a cat.

piano 钢琴
I like playing the piano.

pool 水池
It is normal to have a swimming pool in the yard in Malaysia.

popular 受欢迎的
The Avengers are very popular in America.

pour 倒
porridge 粥
Pour some milk into the cup.
My mum often cooks porridge for us in the morning.

post 邮寄
post office 邮局
I need to post this letter.
Is there a post office near here?

potato 土豆
Do you like having potato chips?

practice 练习
Practice makes perfect.

problem 问题；困难
Do you have any problems?

quarter 四分之一
A quarter of the students have problems in pronunciation.

quiet 安静的
quietly 安静地
Please keep quiet. My mum is sleeping.

quite 相当
The movie is quite amazing.

race 竞赛
Do you like watching horse racing?

robot 机器人
There will be a robot in each family in the near future.

rope 绳子
The rope is very strong.

rule 规则
You must obey the rules of the game.

Russia 俄罗斯
Russian 俄罗斯的
Russian people are not afraid of the cold.

mouse
mountain
onion
pet
porridge
rope

lazy
laziness
luck
music
nature
noise
practice
problem
quite
russia
