### in-
#### 否定
inexpensive 不昂贵
The watch is inexpensive.

inconvenient 不方便的
It is inconvenient to get there without a car.

independent 独立
She is an independent woman.

include 包括
The price includes the postage.

introduce 介绍
Let me introduce myself first.

### em-
#### 在...里面
embarrassed 尴尬的
Lily gets embarrassed if we ask her to sing.

embarrassing 使人害羞的
She asked me a lot of embarrassing questions.

### im-
#### 否定
impolite 不礼貌的
It is impolite to ask girls' ages directly.

impossible 不可能的
Nothing is impossible.

### un-
#### 否定
uncrowded 不拥挤
The bus is very uncrowded.

uncomfortable 不舒服的
The weather is uncomfortable in winter.

uneasy 不安心
He had an uneasy day at the company.

unexpected 出乎意料的
It is an unexpected result that he failed the exam.

unusual 不同寻常
It's unusual for Lucy to be late.

### ab-
#### 远离
absent 缺席
He has been absent from class for two weeks.

### sur-
#### 向上
surface 表面
The surface of the phone is so smooth.

### inter-
#### ...之间
international 国际间
He works in international business.

interpersonal 人际间
She has good interpersonal skills.

### com- con- co-
#### 共同
compete 竞争
We can't compete with them on price.

complete 完成
It took two years to complete the building.

### trans-
#### 穿过
translator 翻译员
She works as a translator.

transport 运输
The goods are transported to London.

### sup- sub-
#### 在下面
support 支持
Nobody supports him.

suppose 推断
I suppose you are right.

### pre-
#### 在...之前
prefer 更喜欢
I prefer staying at home to going out during such hot days.

president 总统
Mr. President, you have to make the call.

predict 预测
Newspapers predicted that Trump would be re-elected.

prepare 准备
The students are busy preparing for the final exam.

### dia-
#### 两者之间
dialogue 对话
Practise the dialogue with your partner.

### de-
#### 向下
delete 删除
I deleted the file by mistake.

decide 决定
I decided to learn English from Allen.

### en-
#### 使...
encourage 鼓励
We should encourage him together.

endanger 危及
Smoking endangers your health.

### op-
#### 相反
oppose 反对
The president opposed the medical reform plan.

opposite 与...对面
The bank is opposite the convenience store.