--- START OF FILE 03.md ---

### -tion/-ion
#### 名词
education 教育
Education is the key to a happy life.

graduation 毕业
He graduated from Tsinghua University.

instruction 指示
We should follow the instructions on the screen.

suggestion 建议
Lily suggested meeting for a drink after work.
Here are some suggestions for further activities.

collection 收集
I love collecting coins.
I have a large collection of coins.

communication 交流
We communicated by e-mail.

Comparison 比较
The customer compares iPhone with Xiaomi Phones.

congratulation 祝贺
She congratulated me on my exam results.

### -ship
#### 名词
friendship 友谊
A lifelong friendship.

relationship 关系(爱情，亲情)
I have quite a good relationship with my parents.

### -ment
#### 名词
agreement 同意
I agree with what you said.

### -ness
shyness 害羞

kindness 好意/仁慈
I can't thank you enough for your kindness.

sadness 悲伤
We learned of his death with great sadness.

fairness 公平
Gaokao is a fair enough exam.

illness 病
He didn't come to class because of illness.

sickness 病
A sick dog.

### -ist
#### 专家
physicist 物理学家
I love physics and I dream to be a physicist.

chemist 化学家
I love chemistry and I dream to be a chemist.

scientist 科学家
I love science and I dream to be a scientist.

dentist 牙医
I'm going to the dentist this afternoon.

pianist 钢琴家
I have played the piano for 10 years.

violinist 小提琴家
I have been playing the violin for 5 hours.

terrorist 恐怖分子
We refuse to talk to terrorists.

### -ity
#### 抽象名词
abilities 能力
He showed his abilities as a leader.

electricity 电
electric toothbrush.
The farm has no electricity.

popularity 受欢迎
Hilary was popular at school.

creativity 创造性
Some people believe the universe was created by a big explosion.
This job is so boring. I wish I could do something more creative.

### -ess 女性
actress 女演员
Fan Bingbing is a famous actress.

waitress 女服务员
My first job was as a waitress.

goddess 女神
My first love is the forever goddess in my heart.

### -eer ...人
engineer 工程师
My father is a computer engineer.

pioneer 先驱
He is a pioneer of computer science.

### -ance
acceptance 接受
She didn't accept my flowers.

### -ation
invitation 邀请
My friend invited me for a drink last Sunday.

### -ure
pressure 压力
He took the exam under great pressure.