scare 吓坏
scared 害怕的
scary 吓人的
You really scared me.
The movie is so scary.
I am scared of the dark.

shout 喊叫
shout at 对...喊
shout to 对...喊
My mum used to shout to me, "Bill, come home for dinner!" when I was a child.
My father never shouts at my mum.

shower 沐浴
Taking a shower before going to bed is quite relaxing.

shy 害羞的
She is quite shy with strangers.

sing 唱
singer 歌手
The singer is singing the famous song "Take Me to Your Heart".

size 大小
What size shoes do you wear?

skate 滑冰
Young people tend to skate in the park on weekends.

smart 聪明的
clever 聪明的
bright 聪明的
You are a smart girl.

snow 雪
snowy 下雪的
snowman 雪人
Children are making a snowman outside.

soon 不久
I'll be there soon.

soup 汤
Cantonese are good at making soup.

spend 花费
cost 花费
take 花费
I spend a lot of money on makeup every year.
My car cost me 200,000 yuan.

state 州
There are 50 states in America.

stay 停留
stay up late 熬夜
How long will you stay here?
Don't stay up late. It's bad for your health.

still 仍然
It's midnight, and he is still working.

straight 直的
I prefer straight hair to curly hair.

strict 严格的
Our English teacher is very strict with us.

symbol 象征
The dove is the symbol of peace.

take a message 捎口信
I am afraid he's not here today. Can I take a message?

take a walk 散步
People like taking a walk after dinner.

taste 尝
The strawberries taste good.

tent 帐篷
This tent can hold 4 people.

tired 疲劳的
tiring 令人疲劳的
I am very tired after a day of work.
Studying for 4 hours is very tiring.

tooth 牙齿
teeth 牙齿
Many people ask me why my teeth are so white.

true 真的
false 假的
Is it true that you're moving?
My answer is true and yours is false.