--- START OF FILE 11.md ---

able 能够的
ability 能力
I am able to do it.
I have the ability to do this job.

disable 不能够
disabled 不能够的
I've always wanted to be able to speak Japanese.
It will disable your computer.
Carter was disabled in the war.

act 行动
action 行动
action movie 动作片
activity 活动
If you act at once you can make it reality and succeed.
We have to take action.
an old action movie.
Everybody likes to join in this activity.

add
Can I add your wechat?
数字相加应该用add还是plus (数字相加通常用 **add**，例如：Two **add** three equals five.)

advice 建议
advise 建议
Your advice was a great help to me.
In fact, I advised them not to do that.

agent 代理人
agency 代理机构
My mum is an insurance agent.
My father runs an insurance agency.

agree 同意
agreement 同意
agreeable 同意的
I agree with her.
They had made an agreement.
My parents are quite agreeable to my studying abroad.

almost 差不多
He's almost as old as I am.（双as，第一个为副词，第二个连词）
Have you almost reached the target?

already 已经
When we got there, the train had already left.

although 尽管
He can fly, although he is a pig.

angry 生气的
anger 生气
Don't be angry with me.
"NO!" She shouted in anger.

apartment 公寓
She lives in a small apartment.

arm 胳膊
army 军队
Dave has a broken arm.
He joined the army when he was 17.

article 文章
There is an article on Baby talk in the newspaper.

as 作为（prep+n,连+句）
A flat stone was used as a table.
Do as I say!
Do it as I told you.
As long as they did this, all would be fine.

available 可得到的
WIFI is easily available in public.

become 变成
My dream is to become a beautiful butterfly.

begin 开始
beginning 开始
A new day has begun.
She's been here since the beginning of this year.

believe 相信
unbelievable 不可相信的
Do you believe me?
It is unbelievable, but I like that.

below 在...下面
The dog is sleeping below the desk.

better 更好的
good/well-better-best
My French is better than my Spanish.
You'll receive the best medical treatment.

bicycle 自行车
Shall we ride a bicycle there?

interested 有兴趣的
interesting 有趣的
What are you interested in?
This is an interesting story.

excited 感到兴奋的
exciting 令人兴奋的
We were very excited to see our work in the movie.
I've got some very exciting news for you.

break 打破
broke 打破 (过去式)
broken 破碎的
I had to break a window to get into the house.
The floor was covered in broken glass.

build 修建
building 建筑
It takes five years to build this road.
The offices are on the top floor of the building.

butter 黄油
He spread some butter on his bread.

calendar 日历
There was a calendar on the wall.

celebrate 庆祝
celebration 庆祝
How do you usually celebrate New Year?
We're having a small celebration for Dad's birthday.

certain 当然的
certainly 当然地
Are you certain about that?
They're certainly not mine.

character 人物
characteristic 特征
What does your character do in the story?
Everyone has his own characteristics.

cheap 便宜的
cheaply 便宜地
This book is very cheap.
The shop sells goods cheaply.

cheese 奶酪
Who moved my cheese?

chocolate 巧克力
Would you like a piece of chocolate cake?