--- START OF FILE 12.md ---

choose 选择
choice 选择
Which one do you finally choose?
Could you tell me your choice?

clear 清楚的
这个和聪明有些像，聪明的单词？
clearly 清楚地
The question wasn't very clear.
I can see things clearly with the help of the glasses.

close 接近的
The ball is close to the hole.

coffee 咖啡
Do you like your coffee white or black?

college 学院
university 大学
Donna left school and went to art college.
She's at Cambridge University.

comedy 喜剧
comedian 喜剧演员
This is a highly successful comedy.
Chaplin was regarded as one of the greatest comedians.

comfortable 舒适的
comfortably 舒适地
Joyce has a comfortable apartment in Portland.
I was sitting comfortably on the sofa, reading a newspaper.

common 普通的
These are very common flowers.

concert 音乐会
Everyone except me went to the concert.

cook 烹饪
cooker 厨具
Every cook often cooks food in their own way.
The cooker is blue.

corn 玉米
All our chickens are fed on corn.

crowd 群
crowded 拥挤的
The crowd filled the room.
The train was very crowded, and we had to stand.

culture 文化
This is our culture.

decide 决定
decision 决定
Which one do you decide to have, an apple or a cake?
Please make your decision as soon as possible.

diary 日记
Linda kept a diary during the war years.

die 死亡
dead 死亡的
death 死亡
The rat died last night.
The rat was dead.
I'm sad because of its death.

differ 与...不同
different 不同的
difference 不同
This apple differs from the others.
They are different from each other.
What's the difference between them?

dig 挖
The tiger is digging a hole.

discuss 讨论
discussion 讨论
He refused to discuss the case publicly.
Many questions are under discussion.

duck 鸭子
This little duck is very cute.

earth 地球
There are many forms of life on our earth.

educate 教育
education 教育
educational 教育的
educator 教育者
It takes patience to educate children.
He received a good education.
This TV show is very educational.
My father was a respected educator.

enough 充足的
Is there enough time?

environment 环境
environmental 环境的
How do we change our environment?
An environmental group has been set up.

event 大事
A wedding is a big event in our life.

ever 从来
Have you ever been abroad?

expect 期望
Every mother expects her child to grow up happily.

experience 经验
experienced 有经验的
I know this by experience.
She's an experienced pilot.

expert 专家
How do you become an expert?

fantastic 极好的
You look fantastic!

fill 充满
full 满的
He filled the glass with water.
The kitchen was full of smoke.

film 电影
movie 电影
The film has just started.
We missed the start of the movie.

fresh 新鲜的
Do you eat plenty of vegetables and fresh fruit?