glue 胶水
Pass me the glue.

grade 年纪
He got a grade A in maths.

guest 客人
customer 顾客
Most of the wedding guests had left.

hang 悬挂
hanger 衣服架
Hang the picture on the wall.
She took off her jacket and hung it on a hanger.

hardly 几乎不
I can hardly believe it.

health 健康
healthy 健康的
They drink to his health.
The child is very healthy.

hen 母鸡
cock 公鸡
The chicks gathered under the hen.

hobby 兴趣爱好
Do you have any hobbies?

hole 洞
The ball went into the hole.

honey 蜂蜜
honeymoon 蜜月
Where did you buy the honey?
They're going to honeymoon in Europe.

improve 提高
We all want to improve our lives.

information 信息
What can we do with this information?

joke 玩笑
That's only a joke.

junk food 垃圾食品
Don't keep junk food at your desk.

kid 小孩
I really want a kid.
Are you kidding me?

laugh 笑
laughter 笑
She laughed loudy.
I almost died of laughter.

little
less
least
I'd like to buy him a little something to thank him.
You should drink less.
Who knows most says least.

lose 失去
Do you know how to lose weight?

loud 大声的
aloud 大声地
loudly 大声地
His voice became loud.
"One minute" he said aloud.

machine 机器
I don't know how to use the machine.

magazine 杂志
That magazine comes out every Monday.

magic 魔法
magician 魔术师
Do you believe in magic?
Why do I call him a magician?

meal 餐
Have your last meal.

medicine 药
pill 药片
tablet 药片
This medicine is widely used.
He has to take pills every day.

menu 菜单
Could we have the menu, please?

mile 英里
We walked about half a mile.

mind 心智
What do you have in mind?
Never mind about that.

No, just go ahead/Not at all.
Sorry you'd better not.

mirror 镜子
miracle 神奇
They sell mirrors.

mistake 错误
He made a mistake.

mix 混合
Mix it up.

necessary 必须的
It's necessary to have some fresh fruit every day.

new 新的
news 新闻
Do you like my new dress?
Here's the sports news from Jane.

normal 正常的
All I want is to lead a normal life.






















