once
He once lived in Shanghai.

opening 开幕仪式
He attended the opening of the new theater.

organize 组织
organization 组织
How do you organize your tem?
WHO is short for World Health Organization.

oven 烤箱
We need an oven.

own 自己的
I want to have a sister of my own.

paint 刷油漆
I need a can of blue paint.
I shall paint the gate green.

peel 剥皮
Please peel an apple for me.

pepper 胡椒粉
Mix up the salt with the pepper.

percent 百分之
I agree with you a hundred persent.

perform 表演
performance 表演
The children perform two plays each school year.
This evening's performance will begin at 8:00 pm.

person 个人
people 很多人
personal 个人的
He is a person one can trust.
THe car is for personal use ony.

physical 身体的
Youth is the time of physical growth.
physical and mental healthy.

pilot 飞行员
Jimmy is a pilot.

planet 恒星
They have discovered a new planet.

plant 植物
Don't forget to water the plants.
Her mother worked in this plant.

plate 盘子
He put food on the plate.

point 点
We want to be quite clear on this point.
He stood up and pointed his finger at me.

pollute 污染
pollution 污染
The factory pollutes the air and water.
Such music is pollution to the ear.

poor 贫穷
She comes from a poor family.

pot 锅
It's a pot of soup.

pour 倾倒
She poured coffee for everyone.

pretty 美丽的
She's a very pretty girl.
Pretty good.

primary 最早的
primary school 小学
They study at a primary school.

print 印刷
Could you print these for me?

prize 奖品
If you find the luck egg, you win a prize.

program 节目
Do you like this program?

promise 承诺
She broke her promise to me.
I promise to do all these things.

question 疑问
I have just one question.
No one has ever questioned her judgement.

quiet 轻轻的
quietly 轻轻地
I'll be quiet as a mouse.
I'm sorry, she said quietly.

result 结果
He put up the exam result.

rocket 火箭
The rocket was launched from a space research base.

role 角色
What is our role?

salt 盐
Put some salt in the soup.

sandwich 三明治
Give me the sandwich ,Papa.

saying 谚语
You can't judge a book by its cover, as the old saying goes.

















