screen 屏幕
I watch more movies at home , on my TV screen.

self-improvement 自我救赎
Self-improvement could bring amazing results.

send 发送
If we both like it, we can send it to more people.

serious 严肃的
seriously 严肃地
I'm not kidding, I'm serious.
Seriously, what does he want to do?

serve 提供
service 服务
servant 仆人
Who will I serve?
What do you think of our service?
How can you know if you have the heart of a servant?

shake 动摇
The whole house started to shake.
Confidence began to shake.

shape 形状
What shape is the table?

share 分享
How do you share your toys with others?

same 一样的
similar 相似的
They look the same.
They had similar aims.

simple 简单
It is a simple picture of butterfly.

soap 肥皂
I often wash my face with soap.

spoon 勺子
She feeds the baby with a spoon.

stand 忍受
Can you stand the pain?
He could not stand when he reached the top of the hill.

sugar 糖
She added some sugar to her coffee.

surprise 惊讶
surprised 惊讶的
surprising 惊讶的
To my surprise, she failed the exam.
I was surprised at the news about his death.
She told me a surprising thing.

swing 秋千
Kids are playing on the swing
Let your arms swing as you walk.

teenager 青少年
As a teenager, he started writing poetry.

temperature 温度
Her temperature came down in the evening.

theater 剧场
She's been working in the theatre for over thirty years.

through 穿过
The dod jumps through the circle.

ticket 票
How much is the ticket?

touch 触摸
touching 感动的
A little hand touched my finger.
The story is touching.

trade 贸易
trader 商人
Trade is the lifeblood of our country.
The company trades in silk and tea.
The trader is always showing dishonesty.

tradition 传统
traditional 传统的
Where does this tradition come from?
Do you like Chinese traditional silk?

trust 相信
I trust him completely.
How can I rebuild my trust in him?

turkey 火鸡
Did they eat turkey?

twice 两倍
Have the pill twice a day.

umbrella 雨伞
Take this umbrella with you.

unless 除非
if ... not ...
She won't go to sleep unless you tell her a story.

wallet 钱包
I've only got about 10 yuan in my wallet.

wet 湿的
It's very wet outside.
I am wet through.

win 赢
winner 胜利者
How can I win back her trust?
In every game there can only one winner.

bad 坏
badly 
worse 
worst
I have some bad news for you.
Rob did very badly in the history exam.
The traffic  is much/a lot/far/rather worse after five o'clock.
The UK is neither the best nor the worst.





























