yogurt 酸奶
What about adding some fruit in yogurt?

broad 宽广的
aborad 国外地
We went along a broad road.
I've never lived abroad before.

accident 事故
incident 事件
A car accident.
She handed in a report of the incident.

achieve 取得
achievement 成就
How do you achieve more in less time?
We try to celebrate the achievements of our students.

actual 实际的
actually 实际地
I am not joking. Those were his actual words.
What time are you actually leaving?

adult 成人
adolescent 青少年的
Some children find it difficult to talk to adults.
Adolescent problems should be treated seriously.

against 和... 相反
Are you against it or for it?

alarm 闹钟
I've set the alarm for 7 o'clock.

allow 允许
I don't allow the cat in the bedrooms.

alone 独自地
lonely 孤独的
She lives alone.
He led a lonely life with few friends.

amaze 使某人惊讶
amazed
amazing
Dave amazed his friends by getting married.
I'm amazed that you've never heard of Jay Chou.
Where are these amazing photos?

among 在...之中
The girl quickly disappeared among the crowed.

amuse 逗某人开心
amusement 开心
amusement park 游乐场
He made funny faces to amuse the children.
She looked at him in amusement.
Why do you want to build an amusement park.

ancient 古老的
Some ancient towns have walls around them.

apart 分离的
We had to pull them apart.

area 地区
Fire destroyed several houses in the area.

argue 争吵
We began to argue

Asia 亚洲
Asian 亚洲的
There's a map of Asia on the blackboard.

sleep 睡觉
asleep 睡觉的
Did you sleep well?
My mum fell asleep.

wake 醒来
awake 醒来的
James usually wakes up early.
I hope he's awake up.

band 乐队
bandage 绷带
The band gave an exciting performance.
Do you have a bandage?

beat 敲打
hit 撞击
They beat him down to the ground.
He was hit by a car.

beauty 美
beautiful 美丽的
Her beauty attracted everyone at the party.

belong 属于
The book belongs to Dan.

blind 瞎的
blindness 盲
The accident left him blind.

blood 血
bleed 流血
Her body was found in a pool of blood.
Your nose is bleeding.

borrow 借
lend 借
Can I borrow your pen for a minute?
Can you lend me $10 until tomorrow?

brave 勇敢的
It was brave of you to speak in front of all those people.

break 打破
broken 破碎的
We need someone to break the ice.
Let's take a ten-minute break.
Her arm was broken.

breath 呼吸
breathe 呼吸
I'm going outside for a breath of fresh air.
They know how to breathe.

bright 明亮的
The weather was bright and sunny.

camera 照相机
Is this camera new?


