carry 携带
take sb to ...
Let me carry that for you.

cause 引起，原因
What caused you to change your mind?
What is the cause of this problem?

cent 分
century 世纪
I will not take a cent less.
The church was built in the 13th century.

certain 确定的
certainly 确定地
I'm not certain when it will be ready.
They're certainly not mine.

challenge 挑战
The company is ready to meet the challenged of the next few years.
Challenge your mind and body.

cheat 欺骗
Why did you cheat in the exam?

check 检查
Did they check yours?
Have a check in your bag first and see if it's there.

chore 杂物
I get up and do the chores before I go out.

classic 经典的
classical 古典的
Do you like classic music?
classical music.

clear 干净，清楚
It's Kelly's turn to clear the table.
The question wasn't very clear.

climb 攀登
climber 攀登者
This hill is hard to climb.
He was an experienced climber.

cloud 云
cloudy 多云的
What's the shape of the cloud?
It was cloudy yesterday.

complete 全部的
completely 全部地
He's a complete stranger to me.
I trust him completely.

condition 条件
The living condition here is so poor.

continue 继续
Close this window, so you can continue to draw.

control 控制
How do I control myself?

copy 复制
Could you copy this letter and send it out,please?

cough 咳嗽
He's got a bad cough.
Do you cough?

count 数
countdown 倒计时
It's quicker to count by tens.
Ok, here's the countdown.

couple 一对
a couple of ...
That couple have a very happy life.
You'll be all right in a couple of days.

crayon 彩色铅笔
Mary has a box of crayon.

data 日期
What's the date today?
I have a date.

deaf 聋的
He seems to be deaf.

deal 交易
It's a deal.
We ofen deal with him.

decide 决定
decision 决定
She should decide what to do with the money.
This is your decision.

deep 深的
What a deep river!

depend 依靠
I have to depend on these foods.

desert 沙漠
It was the voice of the desert.

develop 发展
development 发展
Chicago developed into a big city in the late 1800s.
What is the true meaning about some development in your speech?

difficult 困难
difficulty 困难
It used to be difficult to get drinking water here.
He got the lesson without difficulty.

due 到期的
When does the bill become due?

emperor 皇帝
king 皇帝
He must be the poorest emperor ever.
The King trusted him.

equator 赤道
A small village is near the equator.

fan
Ella is a big fan of World Cup.

