fear 害怕
Women feared to go out at night.
Fear caused his hair to rise.

feel 感觉
feeling 感觉
Do you still feel hungry?
I understand the feeling.

fever 发烧
She's running a fever.
She has a fever.

fiction 小说
This is a piece of historical fiction.

finger 手指
thumb 母指
index finger 食指
middle finger 中指
ring finger 无名指
small finger 小拇指
We ate with our fingers.

fit 适合
His clothes did not fit him very well.

fix 修理
Now go and fix that broken washing machine!

fold 折叠
folder 文件夹
Fold the card.
Put the card in the  folder.

force 力量
What force is this?
Force yourself to do more.

forever 永远地
They will live forever in our hearts.

fox 狐狸
A fox cannot hide its tail.

freeze 冷冻
freezer 冰箱
freezing 冷冻
When we freeze water, it turns into ice.
Clean your freezer.
It's freezing in this house. Can I turn on the heating?

France 法国
French 法语
They come from France.
She is French and she speaks French.

Germany 德国
German 德国的
Do you still live in Germany?
Are you German?

gold 金子
I have a gold watch.

government 政府
govern 管理
She was a woman of high position in the government.
Who governs this country?

ground 地面
He lay on the ground.

guess 猜测
She guessed that she would win the game.

gun 枪
Jake was pointing a gun at the door.

hate 恨
You know how I hate the dessert.

heavy 重的
heavily 大量地
How heavy are you?
They are heavy.
It's been raining heavily all day.

hide 隐藏
Hearing someone come in, she hid herself behind the door.

hold 握
Could you hold my bad for me?

honest 诚实的
honesty 诚实
He was a hard-working, honest man.
I would never question his honesty.

hurry 匆忙
be in a hurry
If we hurry up, we'll get there in time.

hurt 弄疼
I fell down and hurt my leg.

ice 冰
icy 冰的
Would you like some ice in your drink?
Icy roads are a hidden danger to drivers.

image 图片
imagine 想象
imagination 想象
I cant image him without beard.
She has plenty of imagination.

India 印度
Indian 印度的
Why do you come to India?
I am India.

instead 代替
instead of 代替
If Jordan can't attend the meeting, I could go instead.
jam didn't  study law. Instead, he decided to become an actor.
You probably picked up my keys instead of yours.

invent 发明
invention 发明
inventor 发明家
Who invented the Internet?
What is the greatest invention in you opinion and why?
Do you want to become an inventor?

island 岛
Every island has its name.

Japan 日本
Japanese 日本的
He went ot Japan.
Do you like Japanese culture?

journey 旅行
trip 短途旅行
tour 转一圈
travel 出去一趟
The journey starts here.

joy 愉快
It was her pride and joy.
