junior 初级的
senior 高级的
Diana is a junior doctor.
They have a good senior management team.

keeper 饲养员
The animal keeper feeds his animals with much love.

kilo 千克
Shed came back with a kilo of meat!

knee 膝盖
kneel 跪下
He knelt on the ground.

knife 刀
The knife cuts very well.

laugh 笑
laughter 笑
Maria looked at him and laughed.
He shook with laughter.

lead 带路
He led the way through the street.

lie 平躺
lie down 躺下
He finally became so weak that he had to lie down.

magic 魔法的
magician 魔术师
His best magic trick is sawing a lady in half.

mark 标记
remark 评论
His feet left dirty marks all over the floor.
I've marked the pages you need to look at.

marry 结婚
married 结婚的 
He married Betty in 1925.
Are you married or single?

match 火柴
Don't let your children play with matches.
Match the photo with the word.

memory 记忆
memorize 记忆
He has a good memory.
The best way to memorize English words is reding aloud.

mess 乱
in a mess 乱七八糟
The room was in a mess.

modern 现代的
She loves modern music.

nature 大自然
natural 自然的
You like nature, right?
This would be natural.

neck 脖子
My neck hurts every day.

neighbor 邻居
neighborhood 小区
My neighbor is a teacher.
I often take a walk around my neighborhood after dinner.

nervous 紧张的
She was so nervous about her exams that she couldn't sleep.

notice 注意到
I didn't notice any smoke.
The notice on the wall said 'No smoking'.

nurse 护士
His wife is a nurse.

object 物品
a small metal object.

ocean 海洋
I like to wim in the ocean when it's warm enough.

offer 提供
Can I offer you something to drink?

oil 油
The watch wants oil.

own 拥有
owner 拥有者
Many more people now own their own homes.
I met the owner of the local hotel.

page 页数
Please turn to page 12.

part 分开
aprt 分开
The crowd parted to let him through.
Though we are aprt, he is always in my heart.

passage 文章
He read out a short passage from the Bible.

perfect 完美
His English is perfect.

population 人口
Nearly 70 percent of the population still live in the countryside.

prince 王子
princess 公主
There was once a poor prince.
"I love you, no matter what happens" said the princess.

progress 进步
This is progress.
Her English progressed quickly.

proper 恰当的
Everything was in its proper place.

protect 保护
protection 保护
Are we doing enough to protect the environment?
It is clear that the primary duty of parents is to provide protection for our children.

provide 提供
They provided him with a car.

province 省
state 州
By the way, which province are you from?
She teaches in a state university.
