pupil 小学生
About 20 pupils study music here.

rise 升起
raise 养育
The sun rises in the east.
I raise to go abroad.

rapid 迅速的
The patient made a rapid recovery.

realize 认识到
realize one's dream 实现某人理想
I realized my mistake later.
I decide to study harder to realize my dream.

recent 最近的
recently 最近地
What have you been up to recently?

record 录制
Is the machine still recording?
I spent a lot of time listening to records.
break the record.

regard 把...认作
Lily regards me as her own sister.

risk 冒险
They may even risk losing their lives.

rock 岩石
I found an ant beside the rock.

rubbish 垃圾
liter 随手垃圾
What do you do with all those rubbish?

save 营救
safe 安全的
safety 安全
He saved the child.
Your family are all safe.
We were able to watch the lions in complete safety.

sand 沙
We were just sitting on the sand.

satisfy 让某人满足
satisfy 满足的
satisfaction 满足
This kind of programme always satisfied the public.
I am satisfied about everything.
Everyone wants to get satisfaction out of his or her job.

scar 疤痕
scarf 围巾
Did you have this scar before?
She is wearing a silk scarf.

see 看见
scene 场景
scenery 风景
I expect to see my unclue.
I have a picture of the whole scene at home.

shine 照耀
sunshine 阳光
The sun was shining.
She brought sunshine into our-life.

shirt 衬衫
T-shirt T恤
What color is your shirt?
She was wearing jeans and T-shirt.

shock 震惊
shocked 震惊的
The news of his death came as a great shock to everyone.
He is shocked at what happened to his son.

shoot 射击
I know how to shoot and I shoot well.

sign 标记
signal 信号
There is a "No Smoking" sign on the wall.
The signal is bad.

silly 愚蠢的
Stop asking silly questions.

situation 情况
I explained the situation to everyone.

skill 技巧
He plays the piano with great skill.

 snack 小吃
Most young people love eating snacks.

social 社会的
society 社会
We should organize more social events.
This is our society.

soft 软的
sofa 沙发
Would you like some soft drink?
I bought a new sofa.

sore 疼痛
I had a sore throat.

southern 南方的
northern 北方的
eastern 东方的
western 西方的
The farmers live in the eastern part of England.

southwestern 西南的
southeastern 东南的
northeastern 东北的
northwestern 东南的
There's town in northeastern Canada.

square 正方形
It's a large square room.

stick 小棍子
He picked up a stick.
The boy sticks his finger into his nose.
Someone sticks posters all over the walls.
Once you decide to break a bad habit, stick with your decision.

stone 石头
The floors are make of stone.
The table is make of wood.
The paper is make from wood.

strange 奇怪的
It's strange that we've never met before.

stupid 愚蠢的
Whose stupid idea was this?


















