succeed 胜利
success 胜利
successful 胜利的
It was a good try, but it didn't succeed.
The experiment was a big success.
The operation was successful.

sweep 扫
wipe 擦眼泪
I often sweep the floor after school.

tail 尾巴
It has a big tail.

technology 科技
In fact, we already have the technology to do so.

the Pacific Ocean 太平洋
the Atlantic Ocean 大西洋
Welcome to this this side of the Atlantic Ocean!

theme 主题
topic 话题
We have a new theme.

thick 厚的
thin 薄的
Amy held a thick book under his arm.
She's only waring a thin summer jacket.

throw 扔
throw away
How far should I throw this ball?

throat 喉咙
She cleared her throat, and started singing.

toilet 厕所
I need to go to the toilet.

tool 工具
The shop sells garden tools.

tour 旅行
tourist 旅行者
tourism 旅游业
We tour by car every summer.
Are you a tourist?
Tourism is a large industry inCanada.

tower 塔
The Tower of London stands in the East End of London.

train 训练
training 训练
She's training to be a doctor.
His training fits him for the job.

type 类型
kind 类型
typical 典型的
I've already seen a few movies of this type.
The question is small but typical.

voice 声音
accent 口音
I know her by her voice.

volunteer 志愿者
I volunteer because I have the time.
She now helps in a school as a volunteer three days a week.

waste 浪费
They will only waste your time and money.

weak 虚弱的
He is not so weak as he looks.

weigh 称重
weight 重量
The young birds weigh only a few grams.
Gas has hardly any weight.

whale 鲸
In another there is a baby whale.

wheel 车轮
The wheel of the car has come off.

wild 野生
We saw two wild cats.

wood 木头
wooden 木制的
Her house was made of wood.
There are many wooden benches in the park.

yard 院子
yard sale 庭院拍卖会
I never went back to that yard.
Have you ever thought about having a yard sale to sell  your things?
