拟声拟型
catch 抓住
I didn't catch the early bus.

talent 才能
talented 有才能的
Your brother is a man of many talents.
This is a history of a very talented person.

bamboo 竹子
Everything there is made of bamboo.

treasure 财富
Blood and treasure are the costs of war.

简单符合类
daytime 白天
I can't sleep in the daytime.

halfway 中途的
I give up halfway through the marathon.

hardworking 辛勤的
If my boss is watching, I'm very hardworking.

headmaster 校长
We will send a present to our headmaster.

housewarming 乔迁聚会
Would you like to join the housewarming party this Friday night?

housework 家务事
homework 家庭作业
schoolwork 作业
I didn't do anything, even housework.
Go on with your homework!
My mother would help with my schoolwork.

popcorn 爆米花
pop 砰
People love eating popcorn when watching movies.
A balloon popped.

self-improvement 自我提升
Self-improvement could bring amazing result.

sitcom 情景喜剧
Half of Americans love watching sitcoms.

upset 不安
What makes you so upset?

watermelon 西瓜
What a big watermelon.

bedroom 卧室
living room 客厅
bathroom 卫生间
He found her in the bedroom.
What a beautiful living room!
She went to the bathroom.
What + a + adj + n!

birthday 生日
Its my birthday tomorrow.
What's your date of birth?

childhood 童年
I had a very happy childhood.

flash 闪光
flashlight 手电筒
Lightning flashed overhead.
We need to bring a flashlight.

headache 头疼
ache 疼
She has a headache.
Every bone in my body seems to ache.

hometown 家乡
What do you think of the future of your hometown?

man-made 人造
It is the laggest man-make lake in Europe.

midnight 午夜
They went home at midnight.

moonlight 月光
They walked along the road in the moonlight.

nosebleed 鼻血
Mike has a nosebleed.

mooncake 月饼
Would you like a mooncake?

railway 铁路
The railway was opened to traffic last year.

rainstorm 暴风雨
He arrived home in a rainstorm.

stepmother 继母
stepfather 继父
stepsister 继姐/妹
stepbrother 继兄/弟
Your stepmother told me about your problem at school.

stomachache 胃疼
You'd better see a doctor about that stomachache.

toothache 牙疼
My mother has a serious toothache.

sunburned 晒伤
He was heavily sunburned.

underwear 内衣
Nylon underwear washes well.

nowadays 如今
I like those internet phrases nowadays.
