loud 大声的
aloud 大声地
loudly 大声地
Turn down the TV, it is too loud.
"Why?" she asked  aloud.

pronounce 发音
pronunciation 发音
How do you pronounce this word?
His pronunciation is not very good.

sentence 句子
Can you read this sentence for me?

patient 有耐心的
She sat by the patient.
We must be patient with children.

secret 秘密
This is my little secret.
They found a secret place.

grammar 语法
How do you like the English grammar book?

note 笔记
take notes 做笔记
Can I borrow your notes?
The teacher noted that Miller had no mistakes.

pal 朋友
penpal 笔友
She received an em-mail from her pal.
Everyone should have a penpal.

pattern 模式
Weather patterns have changed in recent years.

attention 注意
She tried to pay attention to what he was saying.

connect 连接
Can you connect it with another one?

know 知道
knowledge 知识
Who knows the answer?
Knowledge is power.

wise 明智的
wisely 明智地
clever
smart 
intelligent
bright
She is a wise woman.
Use them wisely in the classroom.

lantern 灯笼
Light the lantern, take it and go down.

relative 亲戚
relation 关系
relationship 关系
Most of her relatives were able to come.
teacher-student relations.
They are in relationship.

folk 民间的
Do you like folk music?

steal 偷窃
He stole money from his parents.

lay 放置
lay out 布置
He laid his hands on my shoulder.
The hen laid four eggs yesterday.
Grace laid out the knives and forks on the table.

dessert 甜食
desert 沙漠
Would you like some dessert?

tie 领带
That tie goes well with your shirt.
I tie my hair back when I'm running.

ghost 鬼
I do not believe in ghost.

trick 把戏
Your trick has been discovered.

treat 招待
How do you treat others?

spider 蜘蛛
A spider has eight legs.

Christmas 圣诞节
Are you going home for Christmas.

lie 躺
Lie flat on the floor.

novel 小说
fiction 虚幻小说
The novel is worth reading.

eve 前夕
We're arriving on Christmas Eve.

punish 惩罚
punishment 处罚
They were punished by the teacher.

warn 警告
warning 警告
I warned you not to walk home alone.

present 现在，礼物
He gave her a beautiful present.
He is at present in Shanghai.

warm 温暖
warmth 温暖
They made a fire to keep warm.
Smile can pass warmth.

spread 转播
Bad news spreads fast.

stamp 邮票
Im interested in collecting stamps.

pardon 原谅
pardon me 原谅我，再说一遍
Please pardon me for not arriving soon.
