norm 标准
normal 正常的
normally 通常地
It is normal to feel anxious before exam.

rush 仓促
He goes to work in a rush.

center 中心
central 中心的
It's in the center of the city.
I live with my grandparents in Central London.

nearby 附近的
She came from a nearby village.
Do you live nearby?

clerk 职员
The clerk is working hard.

address 地址
I have her address.
How should I address her?

course 课程
class 一节课
The vocabulary course is great.

score 得分
She scored 100 in the test.
What's the score?

Asia 亚洲
Asian 亚洲的
The teacher drew a map of Asia on the blackboard.

deal 处理
deal with 处理
I'll deal with the children later.

guard 守卫
There are two guards on duty outside the building.
Many parents want to guard their children from any danger.

speak 说
speech 演讲
speaker 讲话者
Do you speak English?
Each child had to give a short speech to the rest of the class.
The speaker laughed.

Europe 欧洲
Europe 欧洲的
They are going to tour Europe.
He's European.

Africa 非洲
African 非洲的
She comes from Africa.
She's African.

ant 蚂蚁
Ants are social insects.

seldom 很少
rarely 很少
I seldom have lunch at home.

boarding school 寄宿学校
board 登机
She and her brother are both at boarding school.
We boarded the ship.
I've put a list of names up on the board.

pride 骄傲
proud 骄傲的
take pride in..
be proud of ...
Their son is their pride and joy.
He takes great pride in his children's achievements.
We are proud of ourselves.

introduce 介绍
introduction 介绍
May I introduce myself? My name is Lily.
Peter, are you going to make an introduction?

coin 硬币
There is a coin on the ground.

fork 叉子
Put the knives and forks on the table.

blouse 衬衫
Whose blouse is this?

gold 金
silver 银
bronze 铜
steel 钢
iron 铁
She won a gold medal.
The tube is made of steel.

cotton 棉花
This cloth is made of cotton.

fair 交易会
Have you ever been to spring fair?

grass 草地
I walked across the grass.

leaf 树叶
Leaves begin to fall in autumn.

produce 生产
product 产品
production 生产
productive 多产的
That factory produces cars.
How do you sell your products?
We lead in the coal production.
I should be doing something productive.

wide 宽广的
widely 宽广地
How wide is the door?
The song is becoming widely popular.

process 过程
The process of making cheese is complicated.
Cheese may be processed in many ways.

pack 打包
package 包裹
Could you pack it for me?

local 当地的
He's a local boy.

brand 牌子
What brand is your car?

avoid 避免
How can you avoid this?

mobile 移动的
May I use your mobile phone?

boss 老板
I'll have to ask my boss for a day off.

material 材料
The material are for you to make dumplings.
Reading/listening materials.
