cap 帽子
capital 首都
He put his cap on the chair.
Beijing is the capital of China.

glove 手套
We can keep the gloves.

form 形成，形状
shape 形状
The main stair was in the form of a big 'S'.
50 states form the US
Her shape is hot.

clay 粘土
He rolled the clay into a ball.

celebrate 庆祝
celebration 庆祝
How do you usually celebrate New Year?
We're having a small celebration for Dad's birthday.

scissors 剪刀
a parts of scissors
a parts of socks
a parts of shoes
a parts of pants
We cut paper and cloth with scissors.

history 历史
historical 历史的
historian 历史学家
It is American history.
It is important to read the novel in its historical background.
I am a historian, and I teach in an American university.

heat 加热
Ice needs heat to melt.
water heater.

heel 脚跟，鞋根
high heel 高跟鞋
My heel hurts.
Many girls dream of having a pair of beautiful high heels.

style 款式
kind 类型
Do you like this dress style?

project 项目
program 项目（偏小，偏抽象）
He designed a new plan for the project.

pleased 满意
pleasure 高兴的
satisfied 满意
I was pleased with the result.
It's my pleasure.

zipper 拉链
They have put a zipper on it.

list 列表
to-do list 代办事项
Make a shopping list at first.

mention 提到
Don't mention this problem this evening.
Don't mention it.

rule 统治
ruler 统治者
Queen Victoria ruled England for 64 years.
Her brother is king, but she is the real ruler.

boil 煮沸
boiling 沸腾的
The water boiled at 100°C.
The kettle is boiling.

ball 球
balloon 气球
belly 肚子
belt 腰带
He has a big round belly.
Please fasten your seat belt.

bowl 碗
boil 煮沸
a bowl of noodles.
Boil the water before drinking it.
Can I open a windows? It's boiling here.
a boiled egg.

breast 胸部
bread 面包
These bras are specially designed for women with large breasts.

trade 贸易
Lets make a trade.
They had to travel into town to trade the produce from their farm.

doubt 怀疑
without doubt 毫无疑问
There is no reason to doubt his honesty.
Without doubt, he is right.

fridge 冰箱
My parents bought this fridge last year.

lock 锁
Did you lock your car?

ring 响
Just ring if you need anything.

earthquake 地震
The earthquake killed 30,000 people.

sudden 突然的
all of a sudden 突然
All of a sudden, the lights went out.
Her death was sudden.

bell 钟
She rang the bell.

biscuit 饼干
cookie 曲奇饼
Would you like some cake or biscuit?
I would like a glass of milk and a cookie.

instrument 仪器
instrumental 工具的
Are you able to use this instrument?
Try our best to control the instrumental record.

customer 客户
guest 宾客
She was the only customer.

divide 分开
How should we divide the biscuit?

basket 篮子
basketball 篮球
There is a basket full of vegetables.
I love playing basketball when I wa in college.

hero 英雄
His father was a war hero.

profession 职业
professional 职业的
Her profession is a teacher.
You may need to seek professional help.

near 在...附件
nearly 几乎
They live near London.
It took nearly two hours to get here.

license 证件
While driving a car, you have to carry you driver's license with you.

safe 安全的
safety 安全
Your family are all safe.
I will answer for her safety.

smoke 吸烟
I don't smoke and I don't drink much.
The room was full of smoke.

ear 耳朵
earring 耳环
We hear things with our ears.
She was waring a pair of beautiful earrings.

fly 飞
flash 闪
She's flying back to the United States tomorrow.
Lightning flashed overhead.
