tiny 微小
The forks were tiny.

field 田地
He's working in the cotton fields.
football field.
He is an expert in hi field.

hug 拥抱
Paul gave me a big hug.
They hug each other.

lift 举起
She lifted her hand once again.
The lift is coming.

teen 十几岁
teenager 青少年（13-19）
She was in her teens when she met him.
More and more teenagers love the books.

poem 诗
poet 诗人
He read the poem aloud.
The poet composed a new poem.

community 社区
neighborhood 社区
We meet once a month to discuss community problems.

chance 机会
choose 选择
This is your last chance.

manage 管理
manager 经理
manage to do 努力做什么
try one's best to do 努力做什么
He was asked to manage a new department.
He becomes the new manager.

truck 卡车
He is a struck driver.

picnic 野餐
We could go on a picnic today.

rabbit 兔子
Rabbits run fast.

value 价值
valuable 有价值的
His work has no value.
Is the watch valuable?

pink 粉红色
She is wearing a pink dress.

wolf 狼
Then the wolf ran away through the trees.

labor 体力
laboratory 实验室
Many women do labor work.
The equipment of the laboratory is excellent.

land 地
In 1969, the first men landed on the Moon.

ali 阿里
alien 外星人
They are alien.

suit 西装
fit 适合
This job suits me well.
I bought myself a new suit.

mystery 谜
mysterious 神秘的
It's a mystery to me.
He was very mysterious in his manner.

temple 寺庙
There's a temple on the hill.
He has grey hair at the temples.

medicine 药
medical 医药的
Have you been taking your medicine?
He is a medical student.

purpose 目的
What is the purpose of your visit?

prevent 阻止
prevent...from ...
We have to prevent them from smoking.

energy 力量
energetic 有精力的
I am full of energy now.
You should exercise more to keep energetic.

bury 埋葬
burial 埋葬
We will bury this bird.
Will you give him a Christian burial?

honor 荣幸
It's my great honor to do
It is an honor to have you here, sir.

victory 胜利
They won a victory in the battle.

ancestor 祖先
My ancestors were Chinese.

enemy 敌人
He defeated the enemy in the battle.

period 时期
There were many important events in this period.
I am in my period.

lyrics 歌词
He wrote some great music, but the lyrics weren't that good.

electricity 电
electronic 电子的
The price of electronic products dropped recently.

smooth 平滑的
rough 粗糙
Her skin is very smooth.

spare 空闲的
What do you do in your spare time?
a spare key
Im afraid I haven't got any spare cash.
I'd love to have a break, but I can't spare the time just now.
spare no effort to do

case 盒子
in that case 那样的情况下
In that case, nobody could save him.
