war 战争
battle 战争
How many people died in the war?

stick 棍棒
chopstick 筷子
stick to 坚持做某事
sticker 帖子
Stick the poster on the wall.
He sticks to writing.
Children get stickers for good work.

down 悲伤
I felt down.

end 结束
ending 结尾
There is a shop at the end of the street.
Every story has an ending.

drama 剧
drama queen 作秀女王
Most young people don't like dramas.
I don't like drama queens.

plenty 大量
plenty of
You have plenty of time to read.

shut 关闭
shut up 闭嘴
shut off 关闭
She lay down on her bed and shut her eyes.
Please shut up your mouth.
Shut off the engine.

intelligent 聪明
She is intelligent and hard-working.

sense 感觉
sense of smell
I had the sense that he was lying.

moving 感动的
It is such a moving film that we are all moved by it.

perform 表演
performance 表演
The children perform two plays each school year.
This evening's performance will begin at 8:00 pm.
the country's economic performance
A high-performance car

pity 遗憾
It's a pity that he can't come.

total 总数
in total 总共
Her total income was 10000 a year.

master 掌握
I need to master English.

praise 表扬
Jane was praised by her teacher.

wound 伤口
It took several months for his wounds to heal.

cap 帽子
capital 首都
He placed his cap on a chair.
Beijing is the capital of the China.

effort 努力
make an effort to do
Please make an effort to do your homework

custom 风俗
It's a custom for the bride's father to pay for the wedding.

customer 顾客
consumer 消费者
consume 消费
She's one of our regular customers.
A smaller vehicle will consume less fuel.

chalk 粉笔
A box of colored chalks.

knock 敲击
Please knock at the door before entering.

worth 值...
The old phone is worth 200,000 RMB.
The film is well worth seeing.

manner 举止
He is a man with good manners.

empty 空的
A empty box.

basic 基本的
base 基地
basin 盆地
The basic idea is simple.

behave 举止
behavior 举止
You have to behave.
Your behavior is not polite.

gradual 逐渐的
gradually 逐渐地
Education is a gradual process.
Gradually, I started to understand him.

rather 相当
would rather 宁愿
would rather do ... than do
rather than 而不是
He is rather tall.
I would rather have noodles than rice.
I love him rather than you.

coach 教练
He is our football coach.
a coach station

kick 踢
Please stop talking, or I'll kick you out.

besides 除...之外
Besides English, he has to study German.
Besides, the cap suits you very well.

