courage 勇气
courageous 有勇气的
encourage 鼓励
It takes courage to do that.
a very courageous decision.
You should encourage them to do better.

pull 拉
He pulled the donkey hard.

nod 点头
shake 摇头
She nodded to us.

fault 错误
It's my fault to shout at you.

block 块
a block of stone
Let's walk round the block.
The sink is blocked.

stare 盯着看
What are you staring at？

burn 燃烧
burning 着火的
Fires were burning all over the city.

live 生活
alive 活着的
My grandparents are still alive.

cream 奶油
ice cream 冰淇淋
Can I have an ice cream?

pie 馅饼
Would you like another piece of apple pie?

bean 豆
Cook the beans with pork.

market 市场
I usually buy vegetables at the market.

fool 蠢人
You are such a big fool.

costume 服装
costume party 化妆舞会
We look forward to the coming costume party.

announce 宣告
announcement 宣告
The government has announced plans to create 10,000 new jobs.

spaghetti 意大利面
I prefer Chinese noodles to spaghetti.

hoax 恶作剧
It is just a hoax.

cancel 取消
He was forced to cancel his visit.

little 小的
litter 垃圾
rubbish 垃圾
I hate people who litter the forest.

dustbin 垃圾箱
dust 灰尘
bin 箱子
We should throw the rubbish into the dustbin.
The desk is full of dust.
a bread bin

can 易拉罐
trash can 垃圾箱
a can cola
We should throw the rubbish into the trash can.

bottom 底部
the bottom of a well

coal 煤
Shanxi province is famous for coal.

advantage 优势
disadvantage 劣势
His appearance is a big advantage.

cost 花费
How much does it cost?
It costs me 2000 yuan.

wood 木头
wooden 木制的
The table is made of wood.
This is a wooden table.

plastic 塑料的
Most plastic bottles could be reused.

shark 鲨鱼
They drove the shark away.

fin 鱼鳍
Look at the fin. What kind of fish is it?

cruel 残酷的
cruelty 
He is cruel to animals.

chain 链
the food chain 食物链
People stand on the top of the food chain.

map 地图
napkin 餐巾
Wear the napkin before meal.

bottle 瓶子
A bottle of milk.

