lifelong 终生的
She became a lifelong friend of mine.

overnight 一夜之间
He became a boss overnight.

textbook 课本
Pass me your English textbook.

mooncake 月饼
Would you like a mooncake?

restroom 洗手间
washroom 洗手间
bathroom 浴室
You can go to the restroom nearby.
Sorry, I had to go the washroom.
Our bathroom is not very big.

bookstore 书店
The bookstore is just around the corner.

keyboard 键盘
This is an amazing keyboard.

gentleman 先生
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the party.

industry 行业
This could be bad for US industry.

postcard 明信片
Don't forget to send us a postcard.

postman 邮递员
deliveryman 快递员
One of my friends became a postman recently.

underground 低下的
The car park is underground.

background 背景
Do you know anything about his background?

interview 采访
The interview lasted about an hour.

chopstick 筷子
Can you eat noodles with chopsticks?

handbag 手提包
I prefer the black handbag.

part-time 兼职的
full-time 全职的
I want to look for a part-time job.
I've decided to stay at home and be a full-time mother.

policeman 警察
fireman 消防员
What happened to that policeman?
Why could you like to be a fireman?

outdoors 在户外
indoors 在室内
Go outdoors and have a rest.
Mr. White stayed indoors for a whole afternoon.

midsummer 仲夏
mid-autumn 中秋
We enjoyed a perfect midsummer afternoon.
When is mid-autumn festival.

superhero 超级英雄
I dream of becoming a superhero.

lifetime 一生
Marriage is a lifetime promise.

teammate 队友
classmate 同学
roommate 室友
soulmate 知己
If I were his teammate, I wouldn't do that.
She is my classmate.
My roommate knows we well.
She's my soulmate.

passport 护照
Let me see your passport, please.

backpack 背包
backpacker 背包客
I lost my backpack.
He's a full-time backpacker.

oversleep 睡过头
Never oversleep again!

overcome 克服
So how can we overcome this?

workday 工作日
Today is my workday.

fisherman 渔民
The young fisherman laughed.

takeaway 外卖食物
Let's have a takeaway tonight.

ecosystem 生态系统
What about the ecosystem of a city?
